# EPREL
API de la BBDD EPREL

All the product groups can be filtered by 3 basic parameters, common to all of them

modelIdentifier	Free text	No	
Supplier's model identifier.

Optional field, if not passed all model identifier is shown.

supplierOrTrademark	Free text	No	
Supplier's name or trademark.

Optional field, if not passed all trademarks are shown.

includeOldProducts	true/false	No	
Include models not placed on the market anymore.

Optional field, if not passed it is defaulted to FALSE. Only products that are still on the market, their "Date of end of placement" has passed, are shown.


Advanced searchdimensionHeightMindimensionHeightMaxOverall dimensions (Height)dimensionWidthMindimensionWidthMaxOverall dimensions (Width)dimensionDepthMindimensionDepthMaxOverall dimensions (Depth)ratedCapacityMinratedCapacityMaxRated capacity (ps)energyCons100MinenergyCons100MaxEnergy consumption [per 100 cycles, based on the ecoprogramme]noiseMinnoiseMaxAirborne acoustical noise emissionsç
dimensionHeightMindimensionHeightMaxOverall dimensions (Height)Number(Nodecimals)dimensionWidthMindimensionWidthMaxOverall dimensions (Width)Number(Nodecimals)dimensionDepthMindimensionDepthMaxOverall dimensions (Depth)Number(Nodecimals)energyConsAnnualMinenergyConsAnnualMaxAnnual energy consumptionNumber(2decimals)capFreezeNetMincapFreezeNetMaxSumofthevolumesofthefrozencompartment(s)Number(Nodecimals)capRefrNetMincapRefrNetMaxSumofthevolumesofthechillcompartment(s)andtheunfrozencompartment(s)Number(Nodecimals)noiseMinnoiseMaxAirborne acoustical noise emissionsNumber(Nodecimals)noiseClassAirborne acoustical noise emissionclassList


Filtrado 
orgVerificationStatus	UNVERIFIED, VERIFIED	
All the supplier organisations are obliged to pass a procedure of verification. This can be done electronically using a sealed PDF.
Models of the organisation that are not verified are not visible in Public site in any way, nor by scanning QR, nor API requests, nor searches.
UNVERIFIED: Model from Unverified supplier.
VERIFIED: Model from Verified supplier.



A model of an unverified supplier is not necessary a wrong model, it means that the supplier had no time to get verified yet. They are in the database in case someone scans a QR code in a shop, so it can be shown.

Public site will show a warning on these models "This model is from a supplier that has not been verified yet".

We recommend to do the same if you are displaying these models in your websites.

trademarkVerificationStatus	UNVERIFIED, VERIFIED	
As said above, all the supplier organisations are obliged to pass a procedure of verification. But for natural persons on top of that, the trademarks must be also verified. If a trademark is not verified, all the models with that trademark will not be visible in the Public site.

Trademarks from legal persons are always Verified by default.

blocked	TRUE/FALSE	
If TRUE model has been blocked because it was reported as containing inappropriate content.
It is not visible in Public site in any way, nor by scanning QR, nor API requests, nor searches.

Public site will show an error page when trying to access these models "This model has been blocked and is under review. The supplier of this model will soon correct the registration.".



<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Key</td>
        <td>Field</td>
        <td>Type</td>
        <td>Length/Range</td>
        <td>Format</td>
        <td>Unit</td>
        <td>Observations</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>eprelRegistrationNumber</td>
        <td>Registration number</td>
        <td>Unsigned long</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Unique identifier determined at registration time by the EPREL system.<br>This registration number is candidate to be the dynamic part of the link that would present as a QR code in future Energy labels.<br>This registration number is generated by the EPREL at creation time and therefore must not be provided for operations<br>REGISTER_PRODUCT_MODEL<br>PREREGISTER_PRODUCT_MODEL<br>The EPREL registration number become mandatory for operations<br>UPDATE_PRODUCT_MODEL<br>DECLARE_END_DATE_OF_PLACEMENT_ON_MARKET</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>productGroup</td>
        <td>Product group</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>lamps,<br>televisions,<br>localspaceheaters,<br>dishwashers,<br>washingmachines,<br>rangehoods,<br>ovens,<br>professionalrefrigeratedstoragecabinets,<br>residentialventilationunits,<br>solidfuelboilers,<br>solidfuelboilerpackages,<br>airconditioners,<br>refrigeratingappliances,<br>tumbledriers,<br>washerdriers,<br>waterheaters,<br>waterheaterpackages,<br>hotwaterstoragetanks,<br>waterheatersolardevices,<br>spaceheaters,<br>spaceheaterpackages,<br>spaceheatertemperaturecontrol,<br>spaceheatersolardevice,<br>electronicdisplays,<br>washerdriers2019,<br>washingmachines2019,<br>lightsources,<br>refrigeratingappliances2019,<br>dishwashers2019,<br>refrigeratingappliancesdirectsalesfunction,<br>tyres</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Product group name</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>implementingAct</td>
        <td>Delegated act</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>EC_96_60,<br>EU_2020_740,<br>EU_1059_2010,<br>EU_1062_2010,<br>EU_1254_2014,<br>EU_2015_1094,<br>EU_2015_1186,<br>EU_2015_1187,<br>EU_392_2012,<br>EU_626_2011,<br>EU_65_2014,<br>EU_811_2013,<br>EU_812_2013,<br>EU_874_2012,<br>EU_1061_2010,<br>EU_1060_2010,<br>EU_2019_2013,<br>EU_2019_2014,<br>EU_2019_2015,<br>EU_2019_2016,<br>EU_2019_2017,<br>EU_2019_2018</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Delegated act number</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>trademarkId</td>
        <td>Supplier&#39;s name or trademark internal ID</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Internal unique identifier of the trademark in our database. Not to be used by anyone.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>supplierOrTrademark</td>
        <td>Supplier&#39;s name or trademark</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>255</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>The name of the Supplier&#39;s name or trademark</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>modelIdentifier</td>
        <td>Supplier&#39;s model identifier</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>255</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Model identifier</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>versionId</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Internal Id of a version of a model in our database. Not to be used by anyone.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>versionNumber</td>
        <td>Version number</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td>1.000 - 99.000</td>
        <td>##.###</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>When a model is Published, supplier can still do changes. To track these changes a new version is created for each change.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>lastVersion</td>
        <td>Is last version</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>TRUE/FALSE</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>This field will be always TRUE. Only last versions are published.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>allowEprelLabelGeneration</td>
        <td>I accept the labels generated by EPREL for this model</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>TRUE/FALSE</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>If supplier accepted that EPREL generates the label automatically, then set to TRUE. If supplier has uploaded its own label, then set to FALSE.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>productModelCoreId</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Internal Id of a version of a model in our database. Not to be used by anyone.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>onMarketStartDate</td>
        <td>Date of placement on the market</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>YYYY, MM, DD</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date of placement on the market. Date the first model is placed on the market. It marks also the date the model becomes Published and appears in Public site. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. One of these changes can be on the “On market start date” field. This field stores the last on market start date that model had on last Publication. (Normally these 2 dates must be the same, changes in on market start date are not normal)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>onMarketStartDateTS</td>
        <td>Date of placement on the market (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date of placement on the market. Date the first model is placed on the market. It marks also the date the model becomes Published and appears in Public site. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. One of these changes can be on the “On market start date” field. This field stores the last on market start date that model had on last Publication. (Normally these 2 dates must be the same, changes in on market start date are not normal)<br>Timestamp</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>onMarketEndDate</td>
        <td>Date of end of placement on the market</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>YYYY, MM, DD</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the last model is placed on the market. Optional fiel, could be empty.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>onMarketEndDateTS</td>
        <td>Date of end of placement on the market (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the last model is placed on the market. Optional fiel, could be empty.<br>It is used internally to verify if Basic filter &quot;&quot;Include models not placed on the market anymore&quot;&quot; applies to the model.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>onMarketFirstStartDate</td>
        <td>Date of placement on the market of the first version of the model</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>YYYY, MM, DD</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the first version of a model is placed on the market. It also marks the date the model becomes Published and appears on the Public site. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. One of these changes can be on the “On market start date” field. This field stores the very first on market start date that model had on first Publication.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>onMarketFirstStartDateTS</td>
        <td>Date of placement on the market of the first version of the model (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the first version of a model is placed on the market. It also marks the date the model becomes Published and appears on the Public site. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. One of these changes can be on the “On market start date” field. This field stores the very first on market start date that model had on first Publication.<br>Timestamp</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>firstPublicationDate</td>
        <td>Date of publication of the first version of the model</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>YYYY, MM, DD</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the first version of a model is published and appears on the EPREL site. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. This field stores the very first date that model was Published for the very first time.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>firstPublicationDateTS</td>
        <td>Date of publication of the first version of the model (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the first version of a model is published and appears on the EPREL site. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. This field stores the very first date that model was Published for the very first time.<br>Timestamp</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>publishedOnDate</td>
        <td>Date of publication of a version of the model</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>YYYY, MM, DD</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the data was published. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. This field stores the last date that model was Published for the last time.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>publishedOnDateTS</td>
        <td>Date of publication of a version of the model  (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Date the data was published. A model can be Published many times, due to changes introduced by supplier that creates a new version of the model, or due to technical modifications that makes necessary that a model is Published again and re-exported to Public site. This field stores the last date that model was Published for the last time.<br>Timestamp</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>registrantNature</td>
        <td>Registered as</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>AUTHORISED_REPRESENTATIVE,<br>IMPORTER,<br>MANUFACTURER</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>With which role the supplier organisation has registered the model. Registered as: Manufacturer, Importer, or Authorised representative.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyLabelId</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Internal Id of the label in our database. Not to be used by anyone.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>status</td>
        <td>Status</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>PUBLISHED</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Only Published products are available in Public site</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>skipScaleValidation</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>For internal use, to know if the scale constraints the class.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyClass</td>
        <td>Energy efficiency class</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>APPP - G</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Letter of the class.<br>APPP is used instead of A+++, to avoid issues in URL.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyClassImage</td>
        <td>Energy efficiency class arrow</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Name of the file image for the arrow of the energy class, used by UI to show the arrow.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>formType</td>
        <td>Form type (Version)</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>TYPE_1, TYPE_2</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Type of form used to display the data.<br>TYPE_1: from 01/03/2021 to 30/04/2021 (2021/340). Fields from original Regulation 2019.<br>TYPE_2: from 01/05/2021 due to amendments as from Regulation (EU) 2021/340 (aka Omnibus) new fields introduced.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>visibleToUkMsa</td>
        <td>Compliance data visible to UK MSA</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>true/false</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Optional flag to indicate if the product compliance information (technical documentation, equivalents and ICSMS data) should be visible to the Market Surveillance Authority for the United Kingdom.<br>The handling of the flag is the following:<br>- For suppliers based at UK/Northern Ireland: if the flag is omitted, it is considered as being &quot;&quot;true&quot;&quot; by default. If the flat is sent as &quot;&quot;false&quot;&quot;, an error will occur.<br>- For suppliers based at an EU country: if the flag is omitted, it is considered as being &quot;&quot;false&quot;&quot; by default.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>exportDateTS</td>
        <td>Date of export to Public site (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Datetime of export of the model data to EPREL site, in epochs. Normally this date will be the same as the last Publication date or one day after, because we export the models that have been Published every day. But sometime we have to re-export some models because the organisation becomes Verified, or any other change; thus the model may have been Published 1 year ago, but re-exported today.<br>Timestamp</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>importedOn</td>
        <td>Date of import to Public site (Timestamp)</td>
        <td>Date</td>
        <td>Timestamp</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Timestamp the data was imported. Normally we import into Public site the models exported every day multiple times, so it may be the same as the export date. But it may happen that one day there are too many models to import and the process takes longer and models are imported next day, or a technical problem happened, and import has to be done two days after.<br>Timestamp</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>orgVerificationStatus</td>
        <td>Organisation verification status</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>UNVERIFIED, VERIFIED</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>All the supplier organisations are obliged to pass a procedure of verification. This can be done electronically using a sealed PDF.<br>Models of the organisation that are not verified will not appear in searches, just by scanning a QR or registration number in API request parameneter.<br>UNVERIFIED: Unverified supplier.<br>VERIFIED: Verified by EC electronically.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>trademarkVerificationStatus</td>
        <td>Trademark verification status</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>UNVERIFIED, VERIFIED</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>As said above, all the supplier organisations are obliged to pass a procedure of verification. But for natural persons on top of that, the trademarks must be also verified. If a trademark is not verified, all the models with that trademark will not be visible in the Public site.<br>Trademarks from legal persons are always Verified by default.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>blocked</td>
        <td>Blocked</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>true/false</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>If TRUE model has been blocked because it was reported as containing inappropriate content.<br>It&#39;s not visible in Public site in any way, nor QR, nor API, nor searches.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>uploadedLabels - Supplier&#39;s labels</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Repeat for each existing supplier&#39;s file (minimum 0 to 24)</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>#</td>
        <td>Order number</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Parameter is the order number in the list.<br>Value is the label file name<br>i.e.: 0: Label_500998_0.PDF</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>End repeat</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>contactDetails - Public contact</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>orderNumber</td>
        <td>Order number</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Position in the list - THERE IS ONLY 1 PUBLIC CONTACT</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>id</td>
        <td>Contact id</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Id of contact</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>contactByReferenceId</td>
        <td>Contact reference id</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>If Contact is declared by reference in the supplier&#39;s organisation, the id of the reference is provided.<br>The details are then also provided in this section.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>contactReference</td>
        <td>Contact reference</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>32</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>If Contact is declared by reference in the supplier&#39;s organisation, the reference name of the reference is provided.<br>The details are then also provided in this section.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>serviceName</td>
        <td>Service name</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>128</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Name of the service to contact</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>phone</td>
        <td>Phone</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>32</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Phone of the service to contact</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>email</td>
        <td>Email</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>Email address</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Email of the service to contact</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>webSiteURL</td>
        <td>Website</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>URL</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Website of the service to contact</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>street</td>
        <td>Street</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>128</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Address details</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>streetNumber</td>
        <td>Street number</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>16</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>postalCode</td>
        <td>Postal code</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>16</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>city</td>
        <td>City</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>32</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>province</td>
        <td>Province</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>32</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>municipality</td>
        <td>Municipality</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>32</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>country</td>
        <td>Country</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>AT,<br>BE,<br>BG,<br>CY,<br>CZ,<br>DE,<br>DK,<br>EE,<br>EL,<br>ES,<br>FI,<br>FR,<br>HR,<br>HU,<br>IE,<br>IT,<br>LT,<br>LU,<br>LV,<br>MT,<br>NL,<br>PL,<br>PT,<br>RO,<br>SE,<br>SI,<br>SK,<br>UK,<br>LI,<br>NO,<br>IS,<br>XI</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Country codes<br>XI = UK (Northern Ireland)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>addressBloc</td>
        <td>Single field address</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>4000</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Address details if defined as a free text and not structured</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>defaultContact</td>
        <td>Default</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>true/false</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>True if this is the default contact for this organisation</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>countOfModelsUsed</td>
        <td>Counter of models</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Counter of models using this contact by reference</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>countOfPublishedModelsUsed</td>
        <td>Counter of Published models</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Counter of Published models using this contact by reference</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>status</td>
        <td>Status</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>ACTIVE, INACTIVE</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Active = the contact can be used when registering models<br>Inactive = the contact cannot be used when registering models</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>gtinIdentifier</td>
        <td>GTIN identifier</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>255</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Legal base: COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING REGULATION (EU) 2024/994 Article 12.1(a)<br>The GS1 GTIN Global (Trade Item Number Identifier) 14 digits code is managed without distinction between GTIN-8, GTIN-12, GTIN-13,  GTIN-14 , EAN, UPC, EAN-Velocity, UPC-A or UPC-E.  No GTIN compliance is implemented. The barcode, the DataMatrix or the GS1 QR code URI are not displayed by EPREL anywhere.<br>Only the Global Trade Item Number Identifier GTIN-14 is considered. Codes previously entered (as EAN-8, EAN-12, EAN-13, EAN-14, or according to legacy terms such as UPC, EAN-Velocity, UPC-A, UPC-E, or JAN) have been resolved into a single GTIN identifier that can be corrected.  Different model identifiers, previously entered in EPREL as &quot;&quot;Other&quot;&quot;,  have been discarded.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>DEPRECATED<br>otherIdentifiers - Other model identifiers (EAN codes) - Multiple repetitions</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Repeat for each existing code (minimum 0 to 24)</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>orderNumber</td>
        <td>Order number</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Position in the list</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>type</td>
        <td>Type</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>EAN_13,<br>EAN_14,<br>EAN_8,<br>EAN_Velocity,<br>UPC_A,<br>UPC_E,<br>JAN,<br>OTHER</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Types of identifiers</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>modelIdentifier</td>
        <td>Model identifier</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>255</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Identifier of model</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>End repeat</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>placementCountries - Countries of placement on the market - Multiple repetitions</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Repeat for each existing country (minimum 0 to 24)</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>orderNumber</td>
        <td>Order number</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Position in the list</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>country</td>
        <td>Country</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>AT,<br>BE,<br>BG,<br>CY,<br>CZ,<br>DE,<br>DK,<br>EE,<br>EL,<br>ES,<br>FI,<br>FR,<br>HR,<br>HU,<br>IE,<br>IT,<br>LT,<br>LU,<br>LV,<br>MT,<br>NL,<br>PL,<br>PT,<br>RO,<br>SE,<br>SI,<br>SK,<br>UK,<br>LI,<br>NO,<br>IS,<br>XI</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Country codes<br>XI = UK (Northern Ireland)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>End repeat</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>organisation - Organisation details</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>organisationName</td>
        <td>Organisation name</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Name of the supplier organisation when the type is &quot;&quot;Legal person&quot;&quot;.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>firstName</td>
        <td>First name</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>First name of the supplier when the type is &quot;&quot;Natural person&quot;&quot;.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>lastName</td>
        <td>Last name</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Last name of the supplier when the type is &quot;&quot;Natural person&quot;&quot;.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>organisationTitle</td>
        <td>Organisation title</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Name of the supplier organisation or First name and Last name. Title created using previous fields to avoid doing conditions in source code.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>supplierTypes</td>
        <td>Supplier types</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>MANUFACTURER, IMPORTER, AUTHORISED_REPRESENTATIVE</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Array list of types of the supplier organisation, can be multiple.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>identityTypeReference</td>
        <td>Identity type</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>EUID, VAT, NTR, …</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Type of identifier used to seal the declaration of existence of the organisation.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>businessRegisterId</td>
        <td>Business Register ID</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>ID of the national register authority that registered the supplier organisation.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>organisationIdentifier</td>
        <td>Organisation identifier</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Organisation identifier field of the seal used in the declaration of existence of the organisation.</td>
    </tr>
</table>


<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Key</td>
        <td>Field</td>
        <td>Type</td>
        <td>Length/Range</td>
        <td>Format</td>
        <td>Unit</td>
        <td>Delegated act point<br>Fiche</td>
        <td>Delegated act point<br>Label</td>
        <td>Observations</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>General product parameters</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>ratedCapacity</td>
        <td>Rated capacity (ps)</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>1 - 100</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td>Annex III.1(VII)</td>
        <td>In standard place settings, for the eco programme</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>dimensionHeight</td>
        <td>Overall dimensions (Height)</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>1 - 999</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td>cm</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>dimensionWidth</td>
        <td>Overall dimensions (Width)</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>1 - 999</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td>cm</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>dimensionDepth</td>
        <td>Overall dimensions (Depth)</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>1 - 999</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td>cm</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyEfficiencyIndex</td>
        <td>Energy efficiency Index (EEI)</td>
        <td>Number (1  decimals)</td>
        <td>0.0 - 999.9</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>For the eco programme</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyClass</td>
        <td>Energy Efficiency Class</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>A - G</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td>Annex III.1(V)</td>
        <td>For the eco programme<br>List of classes (Annex II Table 1)<br>A, B, C, D, E, F, G</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>cleaningPerformanceIndex</td>
        <td>Cleaning performance index</td>
        <td>Number (2 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.00 - 999.99</td>
        <td>###.##</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>For the eco programme</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>cleaningPerformanceIndexV2</td>
        <td>Cleaning performance index</td>
        <td>Number (3 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.000 - 999.999</td>
        <td>###.###</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>For the eco programme<br>Amendments as from Regulation (EU) 2021/340 (aka Omnibus)</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>dryingPerformanceIndex</td>
        <td>Drying performance index</td>
        <td>Number (2 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.00 - 999.99</td>
        <td>###.##</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>For the eco programme</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>dryingPerformanceIndexV2</td>
        <td>Drying performance index</td>
        <td>Number (3 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.000 - 999.999</td>
        <td>###.###</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>For the eco programme<br>Amendments as from Regulation (EU) 2021/340 (aka Omnibus)</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyCons</td>
        <td>Energy consumption [per cycle, based on the eco programme]</td>
        <td>Number (3  decimals)</td>
        <td>0.000 - 999.999</td>
        <td>###.###</td>
        <td>kWh</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Based on the eco programme using cold water fill. Actual energy consumption will depend on how the appliance is used.</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>energyCons100</td>
        <td>Energy consumption [per 100 cycles, based on the eco programme]</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>0 - 999</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td>kWh</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex III.1(VI)</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>waterCons</td>
        <td>Water consumption [per cycle, based on the eco programme]</td>
        <td>Number (1  decimals)</td>
        <td>0.0 - 99.9</td>
        <td>###.#</td>
        <td>litres</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td>Annex III.1(VIII)</td>
        <td>Based on the eco programme. Actual water consumption will depend on how the appliance is used and on the hardness of the water.</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>programmeDuration</td>
        <td>Programme duration</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>1 - 1000</td>
        <td>####</td>
        <td>minutes</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td>Annex III.1(IX)</td>
        <td>For the eco programme<br>On screen must be shown in h:min</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>type</td>
        <td>Type</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>BUILT_IN, FREE_STANDING</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>List of types:<br>- Built-in = BUILT_IN<br>- Free-standing = FREE_STANDING</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>noise</td>
        <td>Airborne acoustical noise emissions</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>1 - 99</td>
        <td>##</td>
        <td>dB(A) re 1 pW</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td>Annex III.1(X)</td>
        <td>For the eco programme</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>noiseClass</td>
        <td>Airborne acoustical noise emission class</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>A - D</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td>Annex III.1(X)</td>
        <td>For the eco programme<br>List of classes (Annex II Table 2)<br>A, B, C, D</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>powerOffMode</td>
        <td>Off-mode</td>
        <td>Number (2 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.00 - 999.99</td>
        <td>###.##</td>
        <td>W</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Off-mode or Standby mode or both</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>powerStandbyMode</td>
        <td>Standby mode</td>
        <td>Number (2 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.00 - 999.99</td>
        <td>###.##</td>
        <td>W</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Off-mode or Standby mode or both</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>powerDelayStart</td>
        <td>Delay start</td>
        <td>Number (2 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.00 - 999.99</td>
        <td>###.##</td>
        <td>W</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>If applicable</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>powerNetworkStandby</td>
        <td>Networked standby</td>
        <td>Number (2 decimals)</td>
        <td>0.00 - 999.99</td>
        <td>###.##</td>
        <td>W</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>If applicable</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>guaranteeDuration</td>
        <td>Minimum duration of the guarantee offered by the supplier</td>
        <td>Number (No decimals)</td>
        <td>0 - 999</td>
        <td>###</td>
        <td>months</td>
        <td>Annex V Table 3</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>additionalInfos - Additional information</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Repeat for each existing language (minimum 0 to 24)</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>id</td>
        <td>Id</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Internal DB id</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>orderNumber</td>
        <td>Order number</td>
        <td>Number</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>In case there are multiple languages, order list</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>language</td>
        <td>Language</td>
        <td>List</td>
        <td>BG,<br>CS,<br>DA,<br>DE,<br>ET,<br>EL,<br>EN,<br>ES,<br>FR,<br>GA,<br>HR,<br>IT,<br>LV,<br>LT,<br>HU,<br>MT,<br>NL,<br>PL,<br>PT,<br>RO,<br>SK,<br>SL,<br>FI,<br>SV</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Language code</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>text</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>1024</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 6</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Text of the additional info</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>End repeat</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>webLinkSupplier</td>
        <td>Weblink to the supplier’s website</td>
        <td>Text</td>
        <td>1024</td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Annex V Table 6</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>Weblink to the supplier’s website, where the information in point 6 of Annex II to Commission Regulation (EU) 2019/2022 is found</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
</table>


The following fields are common and need to be used to not show some models or show disclaimers.

orgVerificationStatus	UNVERIFIED, VERIFIED	
All the supplier organisations are obliged to pass a procedure of verification. This can be done electronically using a sealed PDF.
Models of the organisation that are not verified are not visible in Public site in any way, nor by scanning QR, nor API requests, nor searches.
UNVERIFIED: Model from Unverified supplier.
VERIFIED: Model from Verified supplier.



A model of an unverified supplier is not necessary a wrong model, it means that the supplier had no time to get verified yet. They are in the database in case someone scans a QR code in a shop, so it can be shown.

Public site will show a warning on these models "This model is from a supplier that has not been verified yet".

We recommend to do the same if you are displaying these models in your websites.

trademarkVerificationStatus	UNVERIFIED, VERIFIED	
As said above, all the supplier organisations are obliged to pass a procedure of verification. But for natural persons on top of that, the trademarks must be also verified. If a trademark is not verified, all the models with that trademark will not be visible in the Public site.

Trademarks from legal persons are always Verified by default.

blocked	TRUE/FALSE	
If TRUE model has been blocked because it was reported as containing inappropriate content.
It is not visible in Public site in any way, nor by scanning QR, nor API requests, nor searches.

Public site will show an error page when trying to access these models "This model has been blocked and is under review. The supplier of this model will soon correct the registration.".

